I'm really busy with Mr. Chu
I came to see you today.
I just want to ask Mr. Chu
Is there a contracted brokerage company?
There are currently no plans to sign a contract.
I'm a Rising Star draft after all
If you want to sign, it should also be a new product special.
If Mr. Chu has a job change
Isn't it on the crescent moon?
As far as I know
Skylark International is a big capital in the entertainment industry
The star held by Mr. Yun
Red Huaxia half-face sticker
So kind to me as a newcomer
I'm afraid so.
Something else?
I don't know if Mr. Chu has heard of Global Entertainment
Heard that their Asian head
It was the Xu family who was all-powerful in the entertainment industry back then
Nice
Global Entertainment wanted to enter the domestic market a few years ago
He was the masked singer
Collaborate with major domestic media companies
Just beat them back, they want to be in the country
Operating enterprise
Now they're back.
If they enter the domestic market
Then I, Skylark International, will not be an opponent.
I'm afraid Mr. Lin still has something to hide
Global entertainment has a huge amount of money
International status is of great significance
But Mr. Yun is not a media company after all
As the capital of the entertainment industry
Want to invest in global entertainment
It's not that difficult
There was another reason, of course.
I had a bet with the Xu family a few years ago
If I were Skylark International
Can't stop them from entering the corner of the country
I want to marry Xu Ruotian
With Skylark International
Include the assets of his Xu family together
It's just me. It doesn't matter.
The brokerage company that Miss Jiang is now contracted with
The shareholder behind it appears to be Chen Tianhao
But the person who really controls Miss Jiang's fate
More hypocritical
That's him!